CSS Grid is to layout your website. CSS Grid makes it easier to create layouts.

2 dimensional structure is called grid when your website is split into rows and columns.

Naming convention is the same:
1. Rows and Columns
2. Individual cell
3. The vertical distance between a cell i.e the length of the cell is called track.
4. Grid lines - the lines that divide the rows and columns.

Powerful layouts are always created using a combination of Flexbox and Grid properties.

Similar to flexbox, here too we will need to mark the parent container as display: grid to set it as a grid, we also have child items like in flexbox.

we have a properties called row-gap: 2rem and column-gap: 1rem this will set the gap between the grid items. i.e the cells.

to create number of rows and columns, we have the property called grid-template-rows: 100px 100px; and grid-template-columns: 100px 100px 100px;

Now we were using px, but a better unit will be fr (fractional units) this means that if the length of the parent container is 1000px, and we want 10frs, then 1000px = 10fr and we can give sizes to each of the grid like 3fr 3fr 3fr 1fr like this this means we will have 4 divisions with 3 of them being 300px and 1 being 100px.

we also have an attribute grid-template-columns: 100px 100px 100px = grid-template-columns: repeat(3, 1fr) assuming 1fr is 100px here.

We can also span the cells using the lines. To do that go to inspect on your browser and check the number of lines you want to include.
    grid-column-start: 1;
    grid-column-end: 4;
This will span the property from the column line 1 to column line 4.

The whole point is that in CSS Grid, you often want specific cells to behave differently — span more columns, span more rows, etc. So you give each cell its own class to control it individually, while item handles the shared styling. Therefore we have 2 classes or more classes depends on the behaviour of that cell.

justify-self is a grid item property that aligns a grid item inside a  cell along the inline (row) axis as opposed to align-self which aligns along the block (column) axis. justify-self and align-self values apply to a grid item inside a single cell.
justify-self and align-self are somewhat similar to justify-content and align-items from flexbox. Then we also have a property called place-self this just combines the two properties, justify-self and align-self.

Justify-items is an item level property which aligns grid items along the row axis and align-items aligns the items aling the column axis.
justify-items: left will shift the items to the left of the their respective cell. But Justify-items and align-items properties must be defined in the parent container.

