We have 2 types of shadows in CSS, one is box shadow and other is called text shadow.

Basically used to add the shadows to your text or box.
We use this tag like this: 
box-shadow: x-offset y-offset colour-of-shadow;

box-shadow: 10px 15px red;
this command will apply the box shadow to the right of the image because the x offset is set to positive and the shadow will be below the image because we have set the y offset as positive too, if we had set the offsets as negative, then the direction would have switched, like if we had negative x offset, then the shadow will appear to the left side instead of right and same with y offset.

we also have an other notation for the same:
box-shadow: x-offset y-offset blur-radius colour-of-shadow;
This makes the shadow a bit blur and px denotes the intensity of the blur. The more value you add the lighter the colour becomes and more prominent the blur becomes.

Then comes the other notation too:
box-shadow: x-offset y-offset blur-radius spread-radius colour-of-shadow;
The spread-radius controls the spread intensity of the shadow.

we also have other notation:
box-shadow: inset x-offset y-offset blur-radius spread-radius colour-of-shadow;
This simply means that we will have the shadow inside the box and not outside.

We can also add multiple shadows:
box-shadow: 10px 15px red, 15px 20px green;

We can create custom variables using
--primary-colour Exact this syntax two hyphens before the name of the variable and then to access the variable, we use var(--primary-colour). This must be inside a class inside a style tag. We can have same variable names inside two different classes but they are not related to each other.

and if we want to use these variables everywhere inside the style tag, then we will need to define it inside the root variable and we do it this way:

    <style>
        .root{
            
        }
    </style>

Similarly, we have text shadow too, similar parameters, we just dont have spread radius parameter in this one:
text-shadow: 10px 12px 4px red;
notation: x-offset y-offset blur-radius colour.

We can add multiple text shadows too.